are you not least with cylinder The Girl
with the Dragon Tattoo
the girl who hurts men I'm transferring
all of your cash to your wife he won't
hurt you again
all those lucky ladies why did you help
everyone but me I've been told you're
the only person who can pull this off
that depends what am I looking for I
realized too late that I created an
abomination any want me to steal it for
you please help me someone set me up I
need your help
who's that that's what I want to know
attract all of his ex associates every
single one leads back to one place home
for 16 years I've imagined this moment
just basillica someone always has to
carry the pain now it's your turn
sister itself
she's been behind all of this
wherever she's playing it's bigger than
just you I know what just take apart
we're running out of time
now the world will burn
everyone wonder
it was you who lit the match what you
thought you didn't have a plan
[Music]